hello and welcome back to learn English
with
Minecraft this is a series where I teach
English while trying to beat
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground
up and look it's
raining it's raining so
as a user named Leo recommended to me in
this comment I'm going back to the
nether to search for netherite so I can
build a netherite pickaxe and while I'm
in the nether I'm also going to search
for NE Fortress let's
see I'm probably going to need more food
than just 11
potatoes I think I have more baked
potatoes
inside
inside 61 baked
potatoes cool all right it's time to go
through the
portal in the previous three videos I
went on a big adventure where I found
lots of diamonds so I was able to build
a full set of enchanted diamond armor
and a full set of enchanted diamond
tools so I think I'm finally ready to go
back to the
nether all right let's go through the
portal and this time I also have a
shield whoa
what a
villager what is a villager doing in the
nether
nope the nether is very
dangerous all right so I'm going to
begin searching for netherite or another
Fortress um I don't know where to
look I'm going to follow my Cobblestone
pillars any monsters
around whoa there are one two three four
Enderman over
there okay I'm going back home for one
second because I want to pick up some
Stone before I head off on a big
adventure in the
nether okay I'm going to pick up some
cobbled deep
slate there we go now back to the
nether okay and we're back
uhoh d d
d uhoh this one has gold
armor I don't even know what netherite
looks
like H okay so I built another enchanted
diamond pickaxe right here that has
efficiency 4 and Unbreaking
three and look at how fast this pickaxe
breaks
uh
Netherrack
watch it's so
fast
wow uhoh
whoa they're attacking each
other uhoh uhoh
uhoh die
die okay I'm
safe it's a
piglin that one is going to shoot
me these ones are
okay uh-oh run run run run run run
run die
die die
die ooh okay I need to
eat
whoa what is
that is it a Nether
Fortress
go away go away
die
d d
d another
one
wow I think I might have found a nether
fortress I'm going to build a little
Stone pillar right
here 1 2 3 4 four and I'll place a torch
on top so I can find this place
again there's my other Stone
pillar and I'm going to check out this
structure over
here okay I built a little staircase
that goes
up
advancement made a terrible Fortress I
found another
Fortress
whoa look at that
skeleton usually the skeletons are white
but these skeletons are
black and they also look a little bit
taller than
normal okay okay I'm going to
eat I'm going to shoot one of these
skeletons come
on I killed
it it dropped a
bone uh-oh I
missed
whoa uh-oh uhoh am I
poisoned hm it turned my hearts
black all right well
I can go straight I can go to the left
or I can go to the
right I think I'll start by going
straight this
way
whoa all right I can see some zombie
pigs over there I'll place a
torch okay and I'm going to go to the
right ooh a
staircase there's a staircase right here
I guess I'll go up the
staircase up up
up h
it's a blaze
spawner uh-oh
uh-oh
die
uh-oh this is
bad
hopefully these torches stop the blazes
from
spawning I don't want to destroy this
spawner because in the future I think
I'm going to turn this Blaze spawner
into a different kind of
farm so I don't want to destroy it
but uhoh
but I do want to stop the blazes from
spawning but I don't think I
can
uhoh
die
okay uhoh uhoh run run run run run
ah my shield is really good against the
piglins that try to shoot me with their
crossbows and my chest plate and helmet
are really good against blazes because
they have the enchantment Fire
Protection on them fire protection 3 and
Fire Protection
three my leggings and my boots don't
have fire
protection all right I'll continue
exploring uh-oh uh-oh run uh-oh uh-oh
uh-oh
die die
okay back down the stairs well I guess
I'll go this way this
way
o what is
this there's lava in the
middle
lava and a stair staircase that goes
down what is
this Nether
wart Nether
wart awesome this is one of the things
that I wanted to find you can use Nether
wart to brew
potions I'm going to collect all of this
NE
wart ooh
lava the lava destroyed the Nether wart
on this
side ah more Nether
wart a lot more Nether
wart all right I collected all of the
Nether wart so I have 31 Nether wart
okay I'll go up the staircase
H
up
break uh-oh
Blaze H I'm on
fire a
chest a
chest
[Music]
okay what's inside this
chest gold a saddle and Diamond horse
armor awesome I need to eat more
potatoes I think that potatoes are
pretty much the only food that I've
eaten in the previous three or four
episodes oh it stops here I'll turn
around turn
around and head
back oh you scared
me another
chest let's check out this
chest two
chests three chests
whoa four chest chest there's another
chest down
there wow okay so I'll check out the
first
chest a saddle and a golden
ingot n I'll break the
chest the second
chest golden horse armor and flint and
steel and the third chest
golden horse armor and one two three
four
iron eh and the fourth
chest uh-oh the fourth chest is being
protected by those
piglins
[Music]
shoot
die
okay
uhoh
whoa
[Music]
uh-oh all right let's see what's inside
the fourth
chest h
I guess I'll take the
saddle those chests weren't all that
great oh well okay Stone another
chest hopefully there's something a
little bit better in this
chest Nether wart and more
Saddles whoa I found 1 2 3 4 five
Saddles five Saddles down here this
staircase is kind of blocked off but
I'll try going up the staircase by
destroying these blocks I'm a little bit
worried about the lava over
there okay I think I'm
safe
cool
uhoh
uh
uh-oh
die oh those skeletons dropped some
coal okay another
chest iron lots of
iron Nether
wart and some iron horse
armor um I think iron horse armor is
better than golden horse
armor now that I have some Diamond horse
armor and
Saddles I should find a horse to
tame wow this nether fortress is
huge um I'll go this
way I think it's another
spawner
yep die die die die and I'll Place
torches torches
torches all around
I place torches all around the spawner
so hopefully it stops the blazes from
spawning more blazes over there oh
uhoh uhoh run run run run run I'm
running oh this is
bad this is bad I need
to I need to eat
eat I blocked it die die die
die die die
uhoh
I'm going to shoot them with my
crossbow I might have
missed okay I think I'm just going to
try running past
them 3 2 one let's
go run run run run I'm
running
run
uh-oh I'm on
Fire
Die okay I'm all
right eat more
potatoes does it stop right here
whoa that is a sea of
lava and down there in the
lava there are
creatures walking
around what are
those and there are some zombie pigmen
over
there hm
oh I can see more of those black
skeletons over
there those skeletons hold swords
instead of
Bows Oh I think that is where the blazes
are spawning
from
run uh-oh uh-oh die die die
die
dig
jump a
blaze uh-oh
uh-oh okay okay
run I blocked off the lava right here to
make it a little bit
safer where's the
blaze
uh-oh oh there are more up
there a blaze
die pH I can
hear ooh
uhoh okay I can hear lots of blazes
around me whoa more lava okay I'm going
to go
around all right I went
around the
lava this is a really long
hallway it
stops
what this really long hallway just stops
right
here I'm going to try digging through
this
wall
whoa okay this this is
scary I'm going to go
back back this way okay I haven't gone
this way
yet what is over
here some glow stone
uh-oh I hear more blazes once again it's
time to go around the
lava
okay I blocked off the
lava well I think I might have explored
everywhere in this
Fortress I've been there I've been there
this is where I started
exploring this
pillar
okay I haven't gone this way yet so I
searched on the internet and those black
skeletons are called wither
skeletons okay more
lava
whoa is this
netherite
hold
on let's see I'm going to throw
away Crimson
Roots ancient
debr I think you can make netherite out
of
this and there's
more is that
it
whoa this nether fortress is
huge it continues all the way over
there uh-oh it's a
ghast that is called a ghast and Ghasts
shoot Fireballs at you okay let's
continue
exploring I'm scared
is that a baby zombie
pigman riding on a
chicken
what I'm going to take a
screenshot
[Music]
wow I've never seen this
before I wish I could take this baby
zombie Pigman and this chicken back home
with
me
wow how did this chicken get in the
nether
okay well let's continue exploring the
Fortress continues over here I'm going
to build another Stone pillar right
here so I don't get
lost I need to be able to find my way
back
home
oh
[Music]
I got
it
whoa I'll throw away uh some
Netherrack
okay a ghast tier a
tier I guess I'll go this way
wow this Fortress is
huge uh-oh another spawner die die die
die die die die I'm going to break this
spawner
okay
uh-oh I can see another Wither Skeleton
right
there uhoh there's three of them
di D
okay
whoa I almost
fell down
there okay
okay nope no NOP run run run
run
[Music]
whoa the color of the sky
changed over here it's gray not red and
it looks like there's little pieces of
Ash floating around in the
air another staircase
let's go
up up up
up and there's nothing up
here back down another staircase right
here let's go
up ooh it continues this
way
more
lava and we'll go
down uhoh Blaze Die
Die Another
Blaze okay I blocked off the lava and
now I'll Fight The Blaze let's go
and the
skeleton
okay
run
die okay I'll Place some Stone and let's
check out this
chest I don't want any of
this
another
chest o I need to eat some
potatoes um I guess I'll take the gold
okay I found lots of cool stuff here in
the nether fortress but I think it's
time that I should start heading back
home so I'm going to start heading back
to the nether
portal hopefully I can find my way
back
Stone
uh-oh oh run run run run
run go away Wither Skeleton go away go
away go away go
away uhoh I need to
eat
there's a gas here
somewhere run run run run run I'm
running back
home there's my pillar my stone
pillar uh-oh another Blaze and more
wither skeletons
uh-oh okay I made some cover I'm going
to hide behind this cover
die die
die is there another Wither
Skeleton I shot it come on Wither
Skeleton come
here I pushed him off The
Edge all right my
pillars and my staircase
down all right I'm almost to my
portal jump my
portal
pH let's go through the portal and back
home
oh
whoa a baby zombie pig
hello
hello it must have gone through my
portal come
on come on
come to my
house follow me follow
me
no come on come
on I made a
friend this is my friend the zombie
pig okay what should I name this zombie
pigman tell me in a comment
below all right I think that is a good
place to end this video for today thank
you so much for watching if you liked
this video you could click the like
button or subscribe to my channel and as
always I will see you in the next video
see
you in
[Music]
the stop